Mini Case Study: a computer email system

A. 
	User- This actor is the person who accesses and utlises the computer email system for its intended use. The user acts as person who
chooses to use this application in order to use the email system to preform standard operations/use cases such as sending emails, recieving emails, deleting emails,
and replying to emails. The users access to the computer email system is from entering a unique username and password.

	Server- This actor behaves as the network "middle man" for users and their emails. If user A wants to send an email to user B the email must 
be passed or uploaded through the server for access. The server has use cases such as receiving and sending emails as well as holding a network
for all email accounts.

	Viruschecker- This actor behaves as the security within the computer email system in order to prevent harmful malware and virus from 
breaching the email accounts and the server. This checker would not only identify viruses, but also be responsible for destroying them. Aside from 
these 2 use cases another use case that the Viruschecker would be responbile for is to notify users of blocked emails.

B. 4 use cases
	Use case number: 
			1. Send email- Is the use case in which a user would send an email to another user. The email sent would be screened by 
	Viruschecker to ensure the email is safe and then uploaded to a server which would send it to another user.

			2. email screening - Is the use case the Viruschecker would use  to detect whether an email contains
	harmful viruses or malware. This would screen emails that are being recieved.

			3. Reply email- Is the use case in which a user would reply to email recieved from the server.

			4. Filter email- Is the use case in which a user can filter their inbox for a specific email .


C. is included in the COE528_Lab_4_.ucase.violet

D.
-User 1 logs in
-from login User 1 sends an email to User 2
-Server recieves email and sends it to User 2
- Viruschecker screens email and does not deem it harmful
-User 2 logs in and recieves(get an email) email
-User 2 send reply email to User 1
-Server receives email and sends it to User 1
-Viruschecker screens email and deletes it 

E. attached in COE528_Lab_4_.seq.violet